VMDP doc set (#111284)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-vmdp-troubleshooting.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-vmdp/oadp-using-vmdp.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="oadp-vmdp-troubleshooting_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting {oadp-short} VMDP

[role="_abstract"]

> Troubleshoot common issues and solutions for the {oadp-short} VMDP CLI. This helps you to resolve connection and configuration problems.

Reviewer: We probably want to expand all acronyms early.

```suggestion
Troubleshoot common issues and solutions for the {oadp-full} virtual machine data protection (VMDP) command-line interface (CLI). This helps you to resolve connection and configuration problems.
```

223 characters

== Not connected to a backup storage location

> If you receive a "Not connected to a Backup Storage Location" error, check the connection status and reconnect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive a `Not connected to a Backup Storage Location` error message, check the connection status and reconnect:
```

Source https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#system-messages
